README.md, before:

How to build
============

*Starting with development of version 4.0, Hibernate uses [Gradle](http://gradle.org) as its build tool.*

This README describes some of the basics developers and contributors new to Gradle need to know to get productive quickly.

Quickstart
----------

     git clone git://github.com/hibernate/hibernate-orm.git
     cd hibernate-orm
     ./gradlew clean build
     
If you are having problems with unresolved dependencies you need to configure access to the JBoss Nexus repository
(see below).


Resources
---------

### General

* [Building Hibernate ORM](https://community.jboss.org/wiki/BuildingHibernateORM4x)

### JBoss Nexus

* [JBoss Nexus User Guide](http://community.jboss.org/wiki/MavenGettingStarted-Users) - explains how to set up _~/.m2/settings.xml_ to use JBoss Nexus repo.

### Gradle

* [Gradle User Guide](http://gradle.org/docs/current/userguide/userguide_single.html)
* [Gradle DSL Guide](http://gradle.org/docs/current/dsl/index.html)

Executing Tasks
---------------

Gradle uses the concept of build tasks (equivalent to Ant targets). You can get a list of available tasks 
via 

    gradle tasks 

or using gradle wrapper

	./gradlew tasks

### Executing Tasks Across All Modules

To execute a task across all modules, simply perform that task from the root directory.  Gradle will visit each
subproject and execute that task if the subproject defines it.

### Executing Tasks In Specific Module

To execute a task in a specific module you can either:

1. `cd` into that module directory and execute the task
2. name the "task path".  For example, in order to run the tests for the _hibernate-core_ module from the root directory you could say `gradle hibernate-core:test`

### Common Java related tasks

* _build_ - Assembles (jars) and tests this project
* _buildDependents_ - Assembles and tests this project and all projects that depend on it.  So think of running this in hibernnate-entitymanager, Gradle would assemble and test hibernate-entitymanager as well as hibernate-envers (because envers depends on entitymanager)
* _classes_ - Compiles the main classes
* _testClasses_ - Compiles the test classes
* _jar_ - Generates a jar archive with all the compiled classes
* _test_ - Runs the tests
* _uploadArchives_ - Think Maven deploy
* _install_ - Installs the project jar to your local maven cache (aka ~/.m2/repository)
* _eclipse_ - Generates an Eclipse project
* _idea_ - Generates an IntelliJ/IDEA project.
* _clean_ - Cleans the build directory

Commit message:

Patching hibernate 4.2.21 to be compatible to Glassfish 3.1.2

README.md, after:

IMPORTANT!
==========

We have forked this hibernate version caused for a incompatibility with our Glassfish version (3.1.2.2 - build 5). If you need to do any changes, go to the tag *4.2.21.Final-eroad* and create a branch.

Why?
----
You must be wondering "why would somebody patch a hibernate version?!". I know, sounds crazy, but the cheapest option at this time. The issue is this: https://hibernate.atlassian.net/browse/HHH-8778.
As we don't want to upgrade Glassfish at this point in time, we thought about 'fixing' hibernate to use the interface ProxyObject (which is compatible to our Glassfish version) instead of Proxy.
It caused no side effects and it was also a minor change.  

How to build
============

*Starting with development of version 4.0, Hibernate uses [Gradle](http://gradle.org) as its build tool.*

This README describes some of the basics developers and contributors new to Gradle need to know to get productive quickly.

Quickstart
----------

     git clone git://github.com/hibernate/hibernate-orm.git
     cd hibernate-orm
     ./gradlew clean build
     
If you are having problems with unresolved dependencies you need to configure access to the JBoss Nexus repository
(see below).


Resources
---------

### General

* [Building Hibernate ORM](https://community.jboss.org/wiki/BuildingHibernateORM4x)

### JBoss Nexus

* [JBoss Nexus User Guide](http://community.jboss.org/wiki/MavenGettingStarted-Users) - explains how to set up _~/.m2/settings.xml_ to use JBoss Nexus repo.

### Gradle

* [Gradle User Guide](http://gradle.org/docs/current/userguide/userguide_single.html)
* [Gradle DSL Guide](http://gradle.org/docs/current/dsl/index.html)

Executing Tasks
---------------

Gradle uses the concept of build tasks (equivalent to Ant targets). You can get a list of available tasks 
via 

    gradle tasks 

or using gradle wrapper

	./gradlew tasks

### Executing Tasks Across All Modules

To execute a task across all modules, simply perform that task from the root directory.  Gradle will visit each
subproject and execute that task if the subproject defines it.

### Executing Tasks In Specific Module

To execute a task in a specific module you can either:

1. `cd` into that module directory and execute the task
2. name the "task path".  For example, in order to run the tests for the _hibernate-core_ module from the root directory you could say `gradle hibernate-core:test`

### Common Java related tasks

* _build_ - Assembles (jars) and tests this project
* _buildDependents_ - Assembles and tests this project and all projects that depend on it.  So think of running this in hibernnate-entitymanager, Gradle would assemble and test hibernate-entitymanager as well as hibernate-envers (because envers depends on entitymanager)
* _classes_ - Compiles the main classes
* _testClasses_ - Compiles the test classes
* _jar_ - Generates a jar archive with all the compiled classes
* _test_ - Runs the tests
* _uploadArchives_ - Think Maven deploy
* _install_ - Installs the project jar to your local maven cache (aka ~/.m2/repository)
* _eclipse_ - Generates an Eclipse project
* _idea_ - Generates an IntelliJ/IDEA project.
* _clean_ - Cleans the build directory
